# A-Research-on-Classification-Model-of-Fish-Biological-Characteristics
A research about classifying different types of fish in the Great Lake District.
Located in the north-eastern district of America, the Great Lakes Area is the perpetual inhabitancy of both native species and invasive creatures (Alexander & Chronicle, 2019). Despite the geographic structure of Great Lakes was formed through a 3000-year-ago crustal movement, its ecological environment is completely manipulated by human intervention, particularly in the species introduction policies throughout the time. To solve the catastrophic consequences of Atlantic salmon’s extinction in the lake district (Caroline, 2021), the US government has introduced Chinook salmon as substitute, which is a typical strong and hard-running fish that satisfies both sport and entertainment demands of tourists, contributing economic growth in lake regions. Due to lacking predators, Chinook salmon once became as the most gigantic species in the Great Lakes, with average 15 kilograms in a 25-centimetre body (FAC, 2021). However, the dominance of Chinook salmon was temporary since the new invasion occurred at the upstream of its food chain---human-imported mussels have filtered the nutrition inside the lake water, which promptly shrinks the population of Chinook salmon’s diet species because the nutritious plankton are their exclusive food source (Matheny, 2012). Distinct and inadequate food sources have led to a rapid decline in Chinook salmon populations in recent years, so it is rational for stocking programmes on ecological perspective. For instance, how to teach amateur fishmen to identify Chinook salmon without a visualised reference book when comparing to the other native commercial fishes (e.g., Brook Trout, Brown Trout, and Lake Trout), especially they have similar biological characteristics (Micigan.gov, 2021).
